[MUSIC]
In this module, we're going to be
talking about the Arduino Programs and
the build process.
So, an Arduino program is called a sketch
and it is basically a C++ program,
C/C++ program, with certain constraints.
And so we'll talk about what
those constraints are, so
how the program that
you're gonna write for
an Arduino is gonna be different
than your standard C/C++ program.
And there are certain functions
that you have to include.
Certain library functions
that you have to use.
So we'll talk about those.
Also, we'll talk about the build process.
The build process is everything
that takes that C/C++,
that sketch program that you wrote, and
puts it on to the Arduino for execution.
So, everything in there.
The compilation, the combining,
the transformation, uploading.
That process, we'll talk about that
process in a little bit detail.
And that's especially useful, so
when things go wrong with that process,
you can have some sense of
what's going on and fix it.
Thank you.
[MUSIC]